You are the cloud master, right?
Come, come, this way, this way
Master Yun
Director Daming
I am very happy that Master Yun can show his face
Yeah, this place is pretty secluded.
You can take off your mask.
No, it's not small.
I just had a bad cold a while ago
I'm afraid you will infect me.
It's okay, I'm not afraid.
What is the land war trying to do?
Let's forget it.
Mr. Lu's family has a big career
I can't afford it if I get sick
Let's get down to business
I want to ask if you want an autograph.
Are you a serious pregnant woman?
Don't worry, I'm just asking the hospital for my wife.
It turns out that Lu Zhan pretended to be Lu Zong for me
Master Li finds it a little difficult
No, it's okay.
Thank you master
Uh, I don't know if I can lead the way
Invite the master to have a potluck
No, I'm busy.
See you when you have time.
Do you think his voice and voice
Much like a person
Like an old lady
It's him, you mean Master Yun is the young lady?
That's impossible.
I mean he's next in line with a college alumnus
You imply that Master Yun
Will you be angry if the young lady knows?
Don't talk nonsense, I worship Master Yun
Finally got him an autograph
Now
Won't lose